Docs for xds removal and keepalive note (#8111)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/installation/enterprise/_index.md

Gloo Edge Open Source Helm values in Enterprise must be prefixed with `gloo`, unless they are the Gloo Edge settings, such as `settings.<rest of helm value>`.
{{% /notice %}}

| Option | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| global.extensions.caching.enabled                         | bool     | Deploy the caching server in the `gloo-system` namespace. Default is `false`. |
| global.extensions.extAuth.enabled                         | bool     | Deploy the ext-auth server in the `gloo-system` namespace. Default is `true`. |
| global.extensions.extAuth.envoySidecar                    | bool     | Deploy ext-auth in the `gateway-proxy` pod as a sidecar to Envoy. Communicates over a Unix domain socket instead of TCP. Default is `false`. |
| gloo.gatewayProxies.NAME.tcpKeepaliveTimeSeconds | unit32 | The amount of time in seconds for connections to be idle before sending keep-alive probes. Defaults to 60s. You might use this to prevent sync issues due to network connectivity glitches. For more information, see [the Knowledge Base help article](https://support.solo.io/hc/en-us/articles/12066701909524).|

> | gloo.gloo.disableLeaderElection | bool | Leave this field set to the default value of `false` for multiple replicas of the `gloo` deployment in your installation. This way, Gloo Edge elects a leader from the replicas, with the other replicas ready to become leader if needed for higher availability. If you want to run only one replica of `gloo`, you can set this value to `true`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| gloo.gloo.disableLeaderElection | bool | Leave this field set to the default value of `false` to create multiple replicas of the `gloo` deployment. This way, Gloo Edge elects a leader from the replicas, with the other replicas ready to become leader if needed in case the elected leader pod fails or restarts. If you want to run only one replica of `gloo`, you can set this value to `true`.|
```
